README.md, before:

# Gold-Bar-Tracker

Very Cool Gold Bar Tracker that now tracks Sands and custom stuff also.

![image](https://github.com/dy-dk/Gold-Bar-Tracker/assets/103414617/9bfc1224-adb3-45ab-84db-385288dc800e)

Don't judge my coding, I learnt Python just to make this app :)
Big thanks to Monbanz for helping me create this.

https://www.twitch.tv/dy_dk

Let me know if you find any bugs or have suggestions.

App is set to Always be on Top.
I may or may not add a toggle for this in the future.

Change the files in the img folder if you'd like to customise the app icons.
The program will automatically resize them but if you'd like to do it manually, the large icons are 50x50px and the small icons are 25x25px.
Images MUST be .png files.

If updating from a previous version, replace the data.json file in the zip with your old data.json file.

---------------

Go to the latest release on the sidebar and download the zip file for the compiled .exe files

Use trackerLight.exe for a light theme.

Use trackerDark.exe for a dark theme.

---------------

INSTRUCTIONS:

Left Click to increase count by 1
Right Click or Middle Click to decrease count by 1

Click Reset -> Yes to reset the tab you're on to 0.

Commit message:

Multi platform (#1)
* add gitignore

* add general todo list

* fix case sensitivity to make multi-platform

* theme selectable from in program rather than 2 separate programs

* use theme in proper place

* update todo

* change readme to fit in line with orig repo

* theme button should toggle instead of being 2 separate buttons

* remove personal todo

* use arc instead of clearlooks for light theme

* update deployment file to include linux instructions

* update gitignore

* Swap strings around

* No error if theme variable missing from data.json

README.md, after:

# Gold-Bar-Tracker

Very Cool Gold Bar Tracker that now tracks Sands and custom stuff also.

![image](https://github.com/dy-dk/Gold-Bar-Tracker/assets/103414617/9bfc1224-adb3-45ab-84db-385288dc800e)

Don't judge my coding, I learnt Python just to make this app :)
Big thanks to Monbanz for helping me create this.

https://www.twitch.tv/dy_dk

Let me know if you find any bugs or have suggestions.

App is set to Always be on Top.
I may or may not add a toggle for this in the future.

Change the files in the img folder if you'd like to customise the app icons.
The program will automatically resize them but if you'd like to do it manually, the large icons are 50x50px and the small icons are 25x25px.
Images MUST be .png files.

If updating from a previous version, replace the data.json file in the zip with your old data.json file.

---------------

Go to the latest release on the sidebar and download the zip file for the compiled .exe files for Windows users.

Launch tracker.exe and change theme in settings tab. By default it will be in dark mode.

---------------

INSTRUCTIONS:

Left Click to increase count by 1
Right Click or Middle Click to decrease count by 1

Click Reset -> Yes to reset the tab you're on to 0.
